[Refactor] Make `mlc_llm` a package (#525)
mlc-ai/mlc-llm: docs/compilation/compile_models.rst

and optimized model lib for a given platform. It enables users to bring their own new model weights, try different quantization modes,
and customize the overall model optimization flow.

.. note::
    Before you proceed, please make sure that you have :ref:`install-tvm-unity` correctly installed on your machine.
    TVM-Unity is the necessary foundation for us to compile models with MLC LLM.
    If you want to build webgpu, please also complete :ref:`install-web-build`.
    Please also follow the instruction in :ref:`deploy-cli` to obtain the CLI app that can be used to chat with the compiled model.
    Finally, we strongly recommend you read :ref:`project-overview` first to get familiarized with the high-level terminologies.

.. contents:: Table of Contents
    :depth: 1
    :local:

Install MLC-LLM Package
-----------------------

Option 1: Work with Source Code
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> The eaisest way is to use MLC-LLM is to clone the repostiory, and compile models under the root directory of the repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The easiest way is to use MLC-LLM is to clone the repository, and compile models under the root directory of the repository.
```

.. code:: bash

    # clone the repository

>     git clone git@github.com:mlc-ai/mlc-llm.git --recursive

Reviewer: I would suggest https as normal users don’t add there keys to GitHub.

    # enter to root directory of the repo
    cd mlc-llm  

Option 2: Use Prebuilt Package
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

If you need to compile models outside the MLC-LLM codebase, you can install the prebuilt pip wheels of MLC-LLM package by
following the instructions in `<https://mlc.ai/package/>`_.

> 

Reviewer: Is it better to add this option after the package successfully set up? I wonder if it is too early to provide this option here.

Reviewer: I mean we first get this PR in, build the package and verify that it is all set, and then come back to update the doc with prebuilt package.

Author: Yeah I agree with you.

Verify Installation
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. code:: bash

   python3 -m mlc_llm.build --help

You are expected to see the help information of the building script.

.. note::

>     An alias of ``python3 -m mlc_llm.build`` is ``mlc_llm_build`` if you use pre-built pip wheels of ``mlc_llm`` package.

Reviewer: ditto.
